Within this folder are videos for the current game I'm working on. This game doesn't currently have an official name, but it's unofficial name is Night Garden.

The primary purpose of developing this game, is to grow my skills for working in 3D, creating Enemy AI and creating a more emmersive atmosphere.
The majority of assets displayed in the videos are placeholders, with the exception of the 2 tree models, and the terrain model itself. This is due to prioritising the development of code first, and therefore using assets that serve to test said code.
The latest video is "AI_Follow_Hide_Glance.mp4", which displays the current progress with the AI. 
The AI is now capable of 'losing sight' of the player if they are hidden behind enough foliage. The video shows that when in single foliage, the enemy can still spot the player, but when 2 or more of the heavy foliage is in front, the enemy loses sight. There are currently three different foliage types, which are applied via assigning a layer, as the enemy sight being obscured is calculated via information retrieved from a raycast. This is done by collecting the layers of the terrain hit, ordering the hit points by distance, then subtracting the value of 'sight strength', to the player from the enemy. The specific values, and plant sizes are currently used to test the functionality, but will be adjusted in the future. Additionally, the 'sight strength' value using floating point values, and decays depending on foliage density, as the AI will be developed to use a 'suspiscion' system, to persue the player, or non-player animals in the environment in the future, instead of just being a can-spot or cannot-spot system as it is being used for at the moment.
Additionally, some basic AI behaviour is shown, as the player moves out of site on one side, the AI will turn their head to see if it can spot them with a glance. Behaviour like this is planned to be integrated into the suspicion system aswell, and their response to losing sight will vary based on suspicion.
The second tree model is also implimented in this video.

Other videos are made for my development log account, for a post made at the start of the year, and display some of the planning that went into creating the layout of the backyard environment, LOD aspects, player movement and environmental atmosphere.
